Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to improve on this code.
Now, what we can do is we can create a list to store the main category item.
Now to do this, we have to go to the utilities directory and then the category underscore list.
So that file and I'm going to do this right at the top, I'm just going to paste this code and I think
this is very familiar to you.
You can see basically I created a label called Main Category and you can see all this accessed.
So definitely it is a type of string and you can see it is within a list.
So you can see it is a type of list.
Okay.
And what we also have to do is in the upload products, we can then rename this.
Vrabel.
We have, I think we call its main category, but we can just rename this to say main category and value.
Okay.
And.
Value.
Okay.
And.
Value.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And now what we can do is we can get rid of this list we have over a year.
Get rid of it.
And now we can then map over each item we have on this list.
On this list.
That is the men, women, electronics, accessories, shoes, human guiding and beauty kits and blacks.
So what we can do is to map over each item and then display them.
Okay.
To do this, we have to call the main category.
Over here, we have to say, man.
Category.
Then thoughts map to go over each item we have in the list and over you click on this.
Sorry, over in this you can see it is a type of dropdown menu.
So we can just copy to this path over here.
Copy and paste this right here.
Okay, great.
If you don't know what he is referring to, the he is basically referring to the values we have in this
list called main category.
He is basically referring to the the men, women, electronics, accessories, shoes, home magazine,
beauty kits and bags.
So that's what he is basically referring to.
Okay.
Now, instead of using this our function, we could get rid of this and use this type of function.
And now we can then return drop.
Drop.
Drop down menu item.
Okay.
And he's asking for the child.
The child is going to be a test widget and now we can pass the he.
Right.
And it also needs this value and we can also pass the he.
Okay.
And yeah, we have to convert this to a list by saying dot to list and over here we need to train the
comma.
Okay.
How to start this?
I think this is more cleaner.
You can see currently we have just one drop down, right?
So this is going to loop over each category is going to look over each item we have in the main category
list.
Okay.
Let's go check this out and upload.
Click on this.
You can see we have the women sorry, the men, women, electronics, accessories, shoes, homemade
guiding beauty kits and bags.
And click on kids because you can see kids over here.
Sounds good.
You can just take some time to to copy this.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.